docs: Add SSEC intro and Get started placeholder (#17)
uw-ssec/rse-guidelines: intro.md

# Research Software Engineering Guidelines

Welcome! We hope that you'll find these tutorials and guides set forth by

> the University of Washington Scientific Software Engineering Center ([https://github.com/uw-ssec](https://github.com/uw-ssec)) useful.

Reviewer: We could instead hyperlink Scientific Software Engineering Center?

> the University of Washington Scientific Software Engineering Center ([https://github.com/uw-ssec](https://github.com/uw-ssec)) useful.

Author: ```suggestion
the [University of Washington Scientific Software Engineering Center](https://escience.washington.edu/software-engineering/ssec/) useful.
```

Research Software Engineering (RSE) best practices.
This is not meant to be an extensive knowledge base for these topics,
but rather an aggregated, quick guides that would give a nice start to your RSE journey.

````{grid}
:class-container: text-center
:gutter: 1

```{grid-item-card}
:link: overview/get-started
:link-type: doc
:class-header: bg-light
Get started! 🚀
^^^
Learn how to navigate the tutorials and run code examples interactively
```

````

## What is SSEC?

For those that are not familiar, The [UW Scientific Software Engineering Center (SSEC)](https://escience.washington.edu/software-engineering/ssec/) at the eScience Institute leverages local software engineering talent to advance scientific frontiers.

Software engineering is vital to Seattle’s emergence as a tech leader to drive a local climate of innovation. SSEC is a diverse team of software engineers who work with UW scientists on impactful research projects, infusing them with the software industry’s best practices, and delivering open source, reusable software that will accelerate future research in areas like climate, health, energy and basic science.

> Led by Head of Engineering Vani Mandava ([https://github.com/vanitech](https://github.com/vanitech)), SSEC is structured around applied machine learning for science, cloud computing and data management, and community building around scientific software.

Author: ```suggestion
Led by Head of Engineering [Vani Mandava](https://escience.washington.edu/member/vani-mandava/), SSEC is structured around applied machine learning for science, cloud computing and data management, and community building around scientific software.
```
